Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
I've been beat...
But was I able
to beat him, too?
Guess that's a no.
The Beast!
Huh? He's real?
Yeah, he's real...
I should know,
I trained him myself!
He is BB, the Battle Beast!
Hey, Crow!
Yuya!
(grunting)
Crow!
What we do now we do for Crow!
Let's duel!
(snarling)
Bestlaurie ability destroy
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn!
Things not look good for you,
Yuya!
Gyzarus!
Destroy Gong
two Pendulum monsters.
Gong now gonna
go goodbye to duel!
Gong, oh no!
You will make good card.
No, don't do it!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Is that...
No... can't be!
But it really is!
(all)
Jack Atlas!
Mind if I drop in?
(grunts)
(computer)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
(gasping)
This here party's private!
Get lost!
You kidding?
I just got here...
Of course, when you're
the Master of Faster
it doesn't take you
very long to get anywhere.
How are you, Yuya?
Better now!
You sit tight, Gong.
We'll handle things
from here on out.
Good luck!
Just great.
I mean, I was gonna come save
the day but Jack had to butt in.
Well if anybody's butt is gonna
to do some saving, it's his.
But it won't be easy.
He's starting with
half his life points.
What it comes down to is
if they can tame the BB.
Look, I appreciate the help,
but Heartland City
needs your help more.
You shouldn't have come.
You might not realize it,
but helping you means
I am helping Heartland City.
If you should
falter here, Yuya,
we're all going to
suffer the consequences.
And I will not
let that happen.
See...
I have a responsibility
to the people back home...
Hey, Jack what are you
still doing here?
The City's safe now,
but only for now.
If you really want
to save us forever,
you gotta go
to Duel Academy
and stop them!
And help Yuya and Crow!
(Jack)
Besides, I can't let Crow
get all the glory
for saving the world.
Where is Crow anyway?
(gasps)
Crow...
I bet he's stuck in a tree.
(Sylvio)
He's right here.
He fought hard...
Trying to protect me...
We weren't able
to save him, Jack...
I've heard all that I need...
This is gonna stop!
No one stop me, not ever.
Well, then, I think
the Master of Faster
should remedy that starting
right here, and right now!
Is that so?
This moped ridin' maggot's
got a big mouth that needs
some shuttin' asap!
Go primal BB!
Junk this "pree‐mee‐donna"
and send him
to the scrapheap!
(Sanders)
Junk this "preee‐mee‐donna"
and send him
to the scrapheap!
Me now end turn
with facedown...
Now go you.
I came a long way
to be here,
so I'm not wasting any time
kicking this duel
into overdrive!
Hope Jack has Runner insurance
cause BB's gonna
treat this duel like
a demolition derby.
Yeah, BB's like
a wreckin' ball.
Your wild style
might scare others...
But as you're
about to discover...
I'm usually the one
who has people quaking.
I draw!
I place this card...
facedown!
Whoop‐dee‐doo, you got me
shakin in my boots!
(tires screeching)
Next I summon
the Tuner Monster Red Resonator!
Go!
(giggling)
And when I summon
a Red Monster,
I'm allowed to fire things up
and summon Red Warg,
so long as I reduce
its attack points by half!
Prepare yourself
for a terrifying awakening
as Level 2 Red Resonator tunes
with Level 6 Red Warg!
Now from the ancient chasms
of a lost world,
I awake a great
and terrible power...
I Synchro Summon...
Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
(gasping)
Go time!
And by "go,"
I mean your life points
are about to go down because
Scarlight's special ability
can destroy all your monsters
that have fewer attack points
than my Dragon.
And then you take 500 points
of damage for each one
that perished by its flames.
His monster
has 3,000 attack points!
That's way more attack points
than what BB's monster has!
What a move!
Your monster no hurt me!
Me activate Gladiator Beast's
Medusa Shield
and use to protect...
Gyzarus!
Gyzarus no go boom!
Wrong! I activate
the trap Red Vanish!
Usually I wouldn't be able
to play this trap right now,
but I can because I happen
to have a Red Monster out.
What?
No what!
I trained you to deal
with any adversity!
Red Vanish destroys
Medusa's Shield
leaving Gyzaurus unprotected!
All right!
1,500 points of damage!
Huh? Wait, wasn't it
supposed to be just 500?
(Gong)
No, dummy...
You gotta factor in
the trap Thumbs Down!
Oh, of course!
I was just testing you
to see if you knew that it
deals 500 points of damage
for every card
that's destroyed!
That's right,
so since Medusa Shield
and Gyzarus
were both destroyed,
BB's life points took a whopping
1,000 points of extra damage!
You just drove
in here five minutes ago,
how'd you know to play
that trap card?
I didn't.
But if BB's good enough
to take Yuya down
to a 100 life points,
then I knew that I needed
to be ready for anything.
Jack...
Don't you get it?
Nothing you do
will ever work against me
because you are
of a lesser intellect,
so you don't stand a chance!
Me... lose?
(snarling)
BB only has
1,100 life points left!
If Jack attacks,
it's going to be
game over.
I can't believe
BB's been bested.
(grunting)
I wish I could end this
right here and now,
but my Dragon isn't allowed
to attack this turn.
In other words,
you've been spared.
Wipe that grin of your face...
Better still...
Why don't I come on down there
and do it for you?
Don't you realize
that everything you do
reflects on me?
Guess I'm gonna have
to set an example
of how you're supposed to duel!
Now watch and learn
how victory's guaranteed
to be achieved!
(computer)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
Oh, good...
For a moment, I thought
this would be too easy.
I place two cards
face down...
And end my turn!
Me now gonna activate
the Medusa Shield that be
in the graveyard of mine!
Me select one Gladiator Beast
trap in me deck!
End turn!
(scoffs)
It's my turn!
I'm gonna educate
you grunts
on battling by activatin'
Test Fusion!
Due to its effect,
I can send Test Ape
and Test Tiger
to the graveyard...
So that I am now able to fuse
these wild beasts together!
Since my student can't
take control of this duel,
I'll bring out
something that can!
I Fusion Summon!
Front and center
Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor!
(thunder rumbles)
(roaring)
I activate Editor's ability!
I can recruit
one Gladiator Beast
from the Extra Deck
and summon it to my field!
BB, I summon
Gladiator Beast Andabata
from your Extra Deck
on to your field!
You're welcome!
♪♪♪
Aw, not that
cold‐blooded brute again!
That Sanders
ain't messin' around.
He's double dippin'
from BB's deck.
With my Gladiator Beast Tamer
Editor out on the front line,
he can tame any beast
and in any deck!
What, BB? No "thank you,"
you wannabe neanderthal?
Well, I didn't want
no thank‐yous anyway!
Now let's see
if you can actually put
your Gladiator Beast to good use
the second time around
'cause you sure didn't
do it the first time!
Huh...
(Jack)
What's up?
Well, Sanders shouldn't
be riding BB so hard.
Well, what're
you waiting for, BB?
Permission? Well,
I give you permission
to make a good move because
you sure haven't so far!
So do what you've been told
and crush
those Lancers!
Especially that no‐good,
lily‐livered, dueltainer,
Yuya Sakaki!
He needs to be captured so that
Revival Zero can succeed!
Yuya?
That ain't good.
What? Revival Zero,
why are they singling me out?
(gasps)
(Declan)
I can only conclude
that Revival Zero
is at the heart
of the Arc Area Project.
But how is unclear.
What is clear
is that if he has a file
on Yuri, then, Yuya,
Revival Zero must have
something to do with you too.
So then,
for the Professor's project
he needs me out
of the picture?
So then,
for the Professor's project
he needs me out
of the picture?
Who knows, Yuya?
But I do know this.
If their plan is
to neutralize you,
they're gonna have to defeat
the two of us first!
That certainly
won't be a problem.
So why don't we eliminate
you first?
Now, when there are two
Gladiator Beasts on the field,
I can use Editor's
special ability
to destroy one monster
and then its controller
takes damage
equal to its monster's
attack points!
And the monster
I choose to destroy
is your Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
Scarlight's attack points are
higher than Jack's life points!
The Sarge totally has this.
Jack is a goner.
You moped riding runt!
You're eliminated!
I don't think so!
Red Armor shields
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend
from destruction!
I don't know
what's more annoying,
your constant arrogance
or your blasted cards.
Well, let's see
how high and mighty you are
when you see your friend
crushed before your eyes!
Editor!
Attack Yuya directly!
(Sylvio)
Uh, Yuya? Hello!
(Gong)
Incoming!
Maggot!
You cannot escape my attack!
Stop him now BB!
(grunting)
This is insubordination!
I activate...
the Action Spell Evasion to side
step that blast of yours!
Just what I would have done!
BB...
I'm talking to you!
You simpleminded savage!
Snap out of it!
Respect the chain of command!
The Professor
wants Yuya incapacitated
for his Zero Reverse project,
and I say
sir, yes, sir!
So you respect my superiority
and follow my orders!
Because that's what
we're all here for!
To follow orders and never
question authority!
Understood?
(All)
Sir!
But Sarge,
all your orders did
was get five of your bestest
students card‐ified.
I now end my turn.
Yes!
You hear that?
You're up now, Yuya,
so show em how we... do?
Huh?
Yuya?
(Yuto)
What's wrong, Yuya?
Like everything...
Why does the Professor want me
out of the picture?
Who cares?
I do, Yuto.
Declan said that me and Yuri
have something to do with
The Professor's
Zeros Reverse project,
and if we're involved,
you must be too.
Even Yugo.
Even though we grew up
in different dimensions,
I don't think it's coincidence
that we ran into each other.
I mean, after that time
you and Yugo battled,
you and I
somehow bonded together.
Always remember...
The Professor's no dummy...
What if he knows
that we now share a body?
So when he's telling Sanders
to get rid of me,
he's actually trying
to get rid of you too!
But why would the Professor
want to get rid of us, Yuya?
We didn't do anything to him.
Maybe because of what happened
when we united as one.
We started to lose control...
Anger started
welling up within us.
Huh?
We lashed out and started
hurting everyone!
Like, I felt something deep
and dark inside of me,
this voice, and it
took everything I had
and everything you had
to keep it down!
Like, I still don't know
what it actually was,
but I felt that if it escaped,
then the entire world
would be in danger.
Maybe the Professor knows
what that thing inside us is,
that's why
he wants to destroy us.
I think you're
onto something.
If we're out of the picture...
then that thing that's
inside of us will be gone too!
Well, I'm not planning on
letting the Professor
get his way, Yuya.
(Yuya)
Destroying us,
destroys whatever's inside us...
(Jack)
Hey, Yuya!
Huh?
In case you forgot...
You happen to be
in the middle
of a duel right now!
So get with it!
Because unless you do...
You and I
will both end up cards!
And that's not my look!
(Sylvio)
Jack's right!
You gotta focus!
This guy is trying to
get in your head,
but don't let him!
And remember
who you're dueling for!
That's right!
My friends!
I owe them.
Moon Shadow
risked everything for me.
And Crow did, too.
I can't let my pals' sacrifices
be for nothing!
I have to make things right!
It's showtime!
I can't let my pals' sacrifices
be for nothing!
My turn!
And I'll kick things off
with Performapal Pararhino!
Once per turn,
Pararhino can stick it to
one of your monsters and negate
their special abilities!
And that monster
I'm selecting
is Andabata!
All right!
Andabata's special ability can
summon extra Gladiator Beasts
when it returns to the
Extra Deck, but not anymore.
Next I play Pararhino's ability!
An ability that lets me bring
Performapal Gongato
to the stage!
But that's not all!
Now Andabata's attack points
get the beat down
and become
the same as Gongato's!
Now, Pararhino,
put some charge
into this next attack.
Take out Andabata!
Me no fear that!
Gladiator Beast's Medallion
protect Andabata.
You might not be afraid,
but your life points
definitely are!
Me activate trap card
Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort!
When me take damage,
me must destroy me Thumbs Down
on me field.
Then all me Gladiator Beast
spell and trap cards
turn into Gladiator Beast Forts.
Gladiator Beast's Valor
and Gladiator Beast's Medallion
now both set up stronghold.
(gasping)
(chuckling)
Now when
Gladiator Beast battles,
Gladiator Beast no go kaboom
and me also no take battle
damage once per turn.
And you can no use effects
to kaboom
me Gladiator Beast either!
What?
So his monsters are
basically indestructible?
Gladiator Beast's
Assault Fort's power
lets me place one
Gladiator Beast in each fort!
First, Gladiator Beast Augustus!
Next, Gladiator Beast Laquari!
When me return monster
from Fort to deck...
... me inflict 1,000 points
of damage on you!
That's not good!
Not at all!
(BB)
There! Sergeant happy now?
Maybe sergeant
now keep mouth closed!
(grunting)
He's so upset...
He reminds me...
of me.
I'm ending my turn.
(Sanders chuckling)
It's more than
the end of your turn!
It's the end of the line!
BB! Now, bury them!
That's a direct order!
Well?
(grunting)
Just what are you waiting for?
Finish him!
(Sanders)
Do you hear me?
Finish him!
That's an order!
(grunting)
I'm losing patience!
If you don't do as I say,
then, BB...
You're going two‐dimensional!
Yes, you heard right.
So cease your brainless snorting
and get on with it already!
(Sanders)
Do as I command!
(grunting)
Draw!
Since me have
two Gladiator Beasts,
me now can activate
Sergeant's Gladiator Beast Tamer
Editor's special ability.
About time
you made a good move, BB!
Now use that ability
to destroy
Jack Atlas's Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend,
so he'll take
3,000 points of damage
and be finished for good!
Me no destroy
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend.
Me destroy Gladiator Beast
Tamer Editor itself!
(gasping)
So Sergeant now be the one
taking the damage
from crack of Editor's whip!
Have you lost
your pea‐sized mind?!
(Editor grunting)
(screaming)
(Yuya)
Oh, no!
BB's completely out of control!